Add troubleshooting instructions (#8744)
DataDog/integrations-core: oracle/README.md

   sudo ldconfig
   ```

> 2. Decompress both packages into a single directory that is available to all users on the given machine (i.e. `/opt/oracle`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Decompress both packages into a single directory that is available to all users on the given machine (for example, `/opt/oracle`):
```

   sudo ldconfig
   ```

2. Decompress both packages into a single directory that is available to all users on the given machine (for example, `/opt/oracle`):

   ```shell
   mkdir -p /opt/oracle/ && cd /opt/oracle/
   unzip /opt/oracle/instantclient-basic-linux.x64-12.1.0.2.0.zip
   unzip /opt/oracle/instantclient-sdk-linux.x64-12.1.0.2.0.zip
   ```

###### Windows
1. Install the [Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 Redistributable][17] or the appropriate version for the Oracle Instant Client installation.

2. Go to the [download page][4] and install both the *Instant Client Basic* and *SDK* packages.

3. Extract both packages into a single directory that is available to all users on the given machine (for example, `C:\oracle`):

4. Add the System Variable `OCI_LIB64=C:\oracle` where the value is the path to the directory containing the Oracle Instant Client.

> 5. Modify the `PATH` environment variable to contain the path of the Oracle Instant Client.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if setting the PATH and the OCI-LIB64 vars is a requirement. Have you checked?

Author: I saw that in a few tutorials and in one of the linked support tickets.

Reviewer 2: My point is that I don't think that setting the PATH environment variable on windows has any effect on the agent as it runs under a different user.

Author: Ah, I was just including the complete installation steps for Windows Instant client. Perhaps its simpler to just refer to the instructions on Oracle instead of explicitly detailing them here?

##### JDBC Driver

This method only works on linux.

> Java 8 or higher is required on your system for JPype, one of the libraries used by the Agent when using JDBC Driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java 8 or higher is required on your system for JPype, one of the libraries used by the Agent when using JDBC Driver.
```

> Once it is installed, follow the following steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it is installed, complete the following steps: 
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Problems
#### Oracle Instant Client

> - Verify that both the Oracle Instant Client and SDK files are located in one directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that both the Oracle Instant Client and SDK files are located in the same directory.
```

> - Verify that both the Oracle Instant Client and SDK files are located in the same directory.

Reviewer 2: Let's add an exemple tree structure.

Author: I added an example tree structure and removed the sdk sub files since it made the example unnecessarily large

##### Linux
- See further installation documentation on [Oracle][15].

##### Windows
- Verify the Microsoft Visual Studio <YEAR> Redistributable requirement is met for your version, see [Windows downloads page][16] for more details.

> - Ensure the `PATH` environment variable contains `C:\oracle\instantclient_19_9`. 

Reviewer 2: Are we sure the `PATH` env var is required for the agent?

Reviewer 2: Might not always be `C:\oracle\instantclient_19_9` as the user has to decompress the archives in any directory. So this path can be anything

Author: Updated with example directory and used that as references

>     Otherwise, navigate to Control Panel -> Settings -> Advanced System Settings -> Environment Variables and

Reviewer 2: IIRC, the installation does not update the PATH automatically.

Author: Created a windows installation step

    append `;C:\oracle\instantclient_19_9` to the `PATH` variable.
    Also verify that `OCI_LIB64=C:\oracle\instantclient_19_9` exists.

#### JDBC Driver
- If you encounter a `JVMNotFoundException`:

    ```text
    JVMNotFoundException("No JVM shared library file ({jpype._jvmfinder.JVMNotFoundException: No JVM shared library file (libjvm.so) found. Try setting up the JAVA_HOME environment variable properly.})"
    ```

    - Ensure that the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable is set and pointing to the correct directory.
    - Add the environment variable to `/etc/environment`:
        ```text
        JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java
        ```
    - Then restart the Agent.

> - Verify if your environment variables are set correctly by running the following command from the perspective of the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify your environment variables are set correctly by running the following command from the Agent.
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Problems
#### Oracle Instant Client
- Verify that both the Oracle Instant Client and SDK files are located in the same directory.
The structure of the directory should look similar:
```text

> |____libociei.dylib

Reviewer 2: I believe there should be two directories in this folder. Can we show themp like so:

```
|____dir1/
|____dir2/
|____file1
|____libocci.dylib.10.1
...
```

|____ojdbc8.jar
|____BASIC_README
|____liboramysql19.dylib
|____libocijdbc19.dylib
|____libocci.dylib.19.1
|____libclntsh.dylib
|____network
|____xstreams.jar
|____libclntsh.dylib.10.1
|____libnnz19.dylib
|____libclntshcore.dylib.19.1
|____libocci.dylib.12.1
|____libocci.dylib.18.1
|____libclntsh.dylib.11.1
|____sdk
|____BASIC_LICENSE
|____SDK_LICENSE
|____libocci.dylib.11.1
|____libclntsh.dylib.12.1
|____libclntsh.dylib.18.1
|____ucp.jar
|____genezi
|____SDK_README

```
##### Linux
- See further installation documentation on [Oracle][15].

##### Windows
- Verify the Microsoft Visual Studio <YEAR> Redistributable requirement is met for your version, see [Windows downloads page][16] for more details.
- Ensure the `PATH` environment variable contains the path of your directory (for example, `C:\oracle\`). 
  Also verify that the environment variable `OCI_LIB64=C:\oracle` exists.

#### JDBC Driver
- If you encounter a `JVMNotFoundException`:

    ```text
    JVMNotFoundException("No JVM shared library file ({jpype._jvmfinder.JVMNotFoundException: No JVM shared library file (libjvm.so) found. Try setting up the JAVA_HOME environment variable properly.})"
    ```

>     - Ensure that the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable is set and pointing to the correct directory.

Reviewer 2: These instructions are for linux only but we seem to suggest ti applies to both  as we provide the command to test the result on windows as well. Can we split more clearly ? Maybe using tabs

Reviewer 2: Seems like this comment still applies. `/etc/environment` is Linux specific

Author: We made a note that JDBC is Linux only in the configuration step

Reviewer 2: There is a note just after for windows. There is no need to set the JAVA_HOME var on windows.

Author: I've removed the windows instructions since we don't recommend jdbc for windows now
